#### Low-Level Library Analysis and Summarization
This paper introduces a mechanism to automatically generate summaries for library functions through a low-level analysis of their implementation. These summaries are expressed in terms of first order formulas and are mainly intended for use within verification/bug-finding tools. The authors define a summary as set of *error triggers* and a set of *summary transformers*. An error trigger is an assertion over a program state that when satisfied indicates the presence of a bug, such as a buffer overflow. A summary transformer, on the other hand, describes how the said library function call affects the overall program state. 

A summary is generated in three main phases. First a value-set analysis is performed on the target function code. This analysis effectively lifts x86 binary code into an intermediate representation (IR) that can be worked on. From the obtained IR is generated a numeric program capturing the behaviour of the library function. This generation is in fact the main contribution of the paper facing several challenges such as translating non-numeric operations (e.g.: bitwise operations). In addition, auxiliary variables are also injected in the numeric program to track the access bounds for pointer variables. These contribute for the soundness of the final error triggers. Finally, the numeric program is supplied to an off-the-shelf numeric analyser which generates the set of error triggers and a set of summary transformers by computing an approximation for the set of final program states that can be reached from the initial program states.

To conclude, it is also important to note that the generated summaries only express numerical properties of the given library function. For instance, considering the `memset` function used as example in the paper, the generated summary does not take into account the side effects that result from writing in the program’s memory.
